{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Calibri;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Helvetica;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Dingbats;}
{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Symbol;}
{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0\fttruetype Courier New;}}
{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet
{\s1\sb240\sa119\f2\fs28\lang4105\sbasedon33\snext23Heading;}
{\s2\fi-431\li720\sbasedon33\snext33Contents 1;}
{\s3\fi-431\li1440\sbasedon33\snext33Contents 2;}
{\s4\fi-431\li2160\sbasedon33\snext33Contents 3;}
{\s9\fi-431\li720\sbasedon33Lower Roman List;}
{\s6\tx431\sbasedon29\snext33Numbered Heading 1;}
{\s7\tx431\sbasedon30\snext33Numbered Heading 2;}
{\s8\fi-431\li720Square List;}
{\*\cs13\sbasedon33Endnote Text;}
{\s10\sl276\slmult1\sa200\f0\fs22\lang1033Normal Table;}
{\s5\fi-431\li2880\sbasedon33\snext33Contents 4;}
{\s11\fi-431\li720Diamond List;}
{\s12\fi-431\li720Numbered List;}
{\*\cs14\fs20\superEndnote Reference;}
{\s15\fi-431\li720Triangle List;}
{\*\cs16Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s17\tx431\sbasedon31\snext33Numbered Heading 3;}
{\s18\fi-431\li720Dashed List;}
{\s19\fi-431\li720\sbasedon12Upper Roman List;}
{\s32\fi-431\li720Tick List;}
{\s21\fi-431\li720Heart List;}
{\s41\fi-431\li720Box List;}
{\s34\fi-431\li720\sbasedon12Lower Case List;}
{\s39\tx1584\sbasedon6\snext33Section Heading;}
{\s25\fi-431\li720\sbasedon12Upper Case List;}
{\s26\fi-431\li720Bullet List;}
{\s27\fi-431\li720Hand List;}
{\*\cs28\fs20\sbasedon33Footnote Text;}
{\s29\sb440\sa60\f3\fs34\b\sbasedon33\snext33Heading 1;}
{\s30\sb440\sa60\f3\fs28\b\sbasedon33\snext33Heading 2;}
{\s22\qc\sb240\sa120\f3\fs32\b\sbasedon33\snext33Contents Header;}
{\s20\sb440\sa60\f3\fs24\b\sbasedon33\snext33Heading 4;}
{\s31\sb440\sa60\f3\fs24\b\sbasedon33\snext33Heading 3;}
{\s23\sa119\f1\fs24\lang4105\sbasedon33Text body;}
{\s35\li1440\ri1440\sa120\sbasedon33Block Text;}
{\s36\sa119\f1\fs24\lang4105\sbasedon23List;}
{\s37\sb119\sa119\f1\fs24\i\lang4105\sbasedon33caption;}
{\s43\f6\sbasedon33Plain Text;}
{\s24\f1\fs24\lang4105\sbasedon33Index;}
{\s40\fi-431\li720Implies List;}
{\s33\f1\fs24\lang4105Normal;}
{\s42\fi-431\li720Star List;}
{\*\cs38\fs20\superFootnote Reference;}
{\s44\tx1584\sbasedon6\snext33Chapter Heading;}}
\kerning0\cf0\ftnbj\fet2\ftnstart1\ftnnar\aftnnar\ftnstart1\aftnstart1\aenddoc\revprop3{\info\uc1}\deftab720\viewkind1\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\widowctrl
\sectd\sbknone\colsx0\pgncont\ltrsect
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\sa200\sl276\slmult1\itap0{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}\abinodiroverride\ltrch Final Project Diary}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}#9}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\tab }{\f1\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}Thomas Cort}{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\sa200\sl276\slmult1\itap0{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab November 1}{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0},}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}2012}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\sa200\sl276\slmult1\itap0{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\tab }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}During the preceding week, I did some work on the GUI software. I worked on that because I need to be able to send \uc1\u8220\'93unprintable characters\uc1\u8221\'94 (e.g. 0xff) from the PC via the USB interface as well as receiver data on the PC and look at it in HEX and ASCII. I couldn\uc1\u8217\'92t really find a terminal program that allowed me to do those things, so I began working on a \uc1\u8220\'93Console\uc1\u8221\'94 class that uses the SerialPort classes I wrote last week to present a display that allows a user to input data and view the received data. This will enable me to do a better job testing and debugging the firmware code. It will make things like testing the EEPROM read/write possible. Also, I did a proof of concept for the maps that my GUI will use to display the position of the portable unit. I used the OpenStreetMap\uc1\u8217\'92s OpenLayers Javascript library in conjunction with a QWebView widget and some custom HTML, Javascript, and CSS to create a map widget. I also learned how to call Javascript functions from C++; this will be used to manage the position markers on the map. Lastly, I revised my project proposal report and distributed it to the class.}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\par}
\pard\plain\ltrpar\ql\sa200\sl276\slmult1\itap0{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\tab }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}During the next week, I will populate my new printed circuit boards. The Rev B boards should arrive tomorrow. I will build TNC <-> Radio interface cables using new DIN5 connectors I got from Digi-key. After testing the Rev B hardware, I will continue to work on the software and firmware. For the software, I\uc1\u8217\'92ll finish up the console class. For the firmware,}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}I}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}m going to debug my AFSK receive code.}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}It}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}s written but it doesn}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}t really work except for sometimes finding the AX.25}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}frame}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}delimiter flag.}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}I am working towards being able to transmit a position report as well}{\f1\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}.}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}For that,}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}I will need to}{\f0\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0} }{\f0\fs22\lang0{\*\listtag0}finish implementing AFSK TX.}{\f1\fs22\lang0\ltrch\abiltr{\*\listtag0}\par}}