\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename va2epr-tnc.info
@settitle VA2EPR-TNC Manual
@c %**end of header

@copying
VA2EPR TNC Manual

Copyright @copyright{} 2012, 2013 Thomas Cort
@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
Free Documentation License".
@end quotation
@end copying


@titlepage
@title VA2EPR-TNC Manual
@author Thomas Cort (@email{va2epr@@rac.ca})

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@chapter Introduction

This manual describes the steps taken to create the VA2EPR Terminal
Node Controller. It includes details on everything from ordering components to
setting up and running the PC software. The aim of this document is to
provide a set of instructions that could be used to rebuild and use the device.

@chapter Obtaining Materials

One of the design goals of the project was to choose generic parts
and materials such that it would be easy to find parts and part suppliers. This
chapter will describe where parts were obtained and provide general
information about each of the suppliers. In each instance, I tried to choose
the best. most economical supplier.

@section Printed Circuit Boards (iTead Studio)

The printed circuit boards were fabricated by
@url{http://iteadstudio.com/,iTead Studio} in
Shenzhen, China. The cost was under $25 for 10 green boards which
measure 10cm x 10cm (or less) each. Shipping was under $10. After paying,
I e-mailed the @url{http://www.tomcort.com/va2epr-tnc/gerber.zip,GERBER} files
to iTead Studio. I got a response back saying they were sent to the factory.
It took about a week for the boards to be produced, and two weeks for the
PCBs to make it from China to Canada through the postal system. I've used
iTead Studio more than once, and I've always had good results.

@section Electronic Components (Digi-key)

I purchased all of the electronic components from
@url{http://digikey.ca,Digi-key}. The parts I ordered,
along with Digi-key part numbers, are listed in the
@url{http://www.tomcort.com/va2epr-tnc/materials.htm,Bill of Materials}.
Digi-key parts are relatively inexpensive and overnight shipping is $8.
I've never had a problem with a Digi-key order.

@section Enclosure (TenTec)

I purchased the enclosure from @url{http://tentec.com/,TenTec}. I went with
the TP-41 due to cost, but the TG-24 will also work. The prices was reasonable,
and the shipping was pretty fast.

@chapter Assembly and Test

foo

@section Populating the Printed Circuit Board

foo

@section Assembling the Cables

foo

@section Programming the Microcontroller

foo

@section Testing the Device

foo

@chapter PC Software

The PC Software provides a graphical user interface for interacting
with the terminal node controller. Data can be sent to the device
and data can be received from the device. As well, setting can be
updated. This chapter provides details on building and using the
software.

@section Build Environment

The @url{http://www.ubuntu.com/, Ubuntu Linux} operating system is
used as the development platform for the software. This manual assumes
that the person reading it has some level of proficiency in the use
of UNIX-like operating systems. It is assumed that you have the latest
version installed. At time of writing, that is Ubuntu 12.04.1 LTS (precise).

@subsection Installing Build Tools

The software is written in the C++ language and uses the Qt libraries.
To build it, you need to install the standard build tools such as
make as well as a C++ compiler. In Ubuntu, you'll need to install
the following packages: libqt4-dev build-essential g++

@section Compilation

foo

@section Installation

foo

@section Configuration

foo

@section Use

foo

@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@unnumbered Index
   
@printindex cp

@bye
